Leilei, I lost my phone.
Don’t call me.
If there’s any news from the lawyer,
come find me at the foot
of Zhiling Mountain.
Please have a seat. May I ask,
what issues would you like to consult about?
Lawyer Reid,
my friend just killed
someone. Here’s what happened,
a group of thugs robbed him,
and after they left, he chased them to get his money back.
Lawyer Reid,
your client has arrived early.
Alright.
Uh, sorry, Lawyer,
about the issue you mentioned,
I’ve got a general
understanding of the situation.
How about you leave your contact info,
and I’ll reach out after I’m done,
sound good?
Sure.
Last night, Li Qi’s sister’s
boyfriend was beaten to death
with a baseball bat. Li Qi,
to avenge his sister,
is looking everywhere for the killer.
Such a small matter, and you’re reporting it to me?
Hey, this isn’t a small
matter. Trust me,
you’ll understand once you see this.
Isn’t that the little one’s
boyfriend?
This morning, a Miss Ji Lingling
came to my law firm
to consult. Her consultation
was pretty much about this.
Originally, I hadn’t figured out how to deal
with that damned troublemaker…